>> Brian Holt: Okay, so start our
template here and then the completed one,
we already did that, so
we are gonna go into our projects.
Nothing in here is
particularly interesting.
The only thing is here I have an image
of everyone's favorite tiny terrorist,
which is my dog, Luna.
But feel free if you want to just replace
Luna.jpg with your image that you want
to be edited, cuz we're gonna
make a little image editor.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so let's hop into this,
and we're gonna create a file here
in source called slider.jsx.
We're going to export default,
>> Brian Holt: Function Slider,
and this is gonna have value,
defferedValue.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
I just called it deffered, I guess, yeah.
Unchanged name and
max,
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're going to return,
this is actually just gonna be
like the actual slider control.
So you're gonna have an LI,
I'm gonna call this className ="slider".
And we're gonna have label and
it's gonna be htmlFor=(name).
>> Brian Holt: Name, and
then underneath that we're
gonna say, if value is not equal to
deferred,
>> Brian Holt: Then
we're gonna say it's updating.
>> Brian Holt: And if it's done,
then we'll just not put anything, okay?
And then we're gonna have an input here,
>> Brian Holt: And a bunch of stuff.
So type is gonna be equal to range,
that's what we call
sliders in browser speak.
Name, id is name, name is name,
min is gonna be equal to zero,
cuz I think everything that we
are gonna be doing is zero, and
then the max is just
gonna be equal to max.
>> Brian Holt: And then value is
going to be equal to value, and
onChange is going to be equal to onChange.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, close that tag and
then we're gonna have an output,
>> Brian Holt: htmlFor=(name), and
actual value is going to be value,
>> Brian Holt: And
deferred value is going to be deferred.
So mostly a lot of this is just so
we can actually see how much is lagging
across, dragging these sliders.
Beyond that, not that interesting.
This part is actually kind
of interesting right here,
this is how you tell if
something is out of sync.
They don't give you a, is updating flag.
So the way that you check that is
if you see a value and deferred or
not the same thing,
then you know that they're outta sync.
>> Brian Holt: Which is good, right?
That's actually what we want, we want
deferred and value to be different.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now we're gonna go
create a file here called display image.
Display image.jsx, and
we're going to import img from images/,
if you're just using my file,
then just do, it's Luna.jpg.
But if you put your own file to do in
there, just put your path in there.
Const JANK_DELAY, we're gonna put 100
milliseconds of delay in renders,
and then we're going to export
default function display image.
And then we're gonna
take in a filter style.
>> Brian Holt: This is just gonna be a CSS
string of all the filters that we want to
apply to something.
We're gonna take that same expensive
render function that we used before,
again, just to really make this super
obvious of where this can be helpful.
>> Brian Holt: Generally, don't suggest
shipping this function in your code,
that's a Brian Holt pro tip right there.
>> Brian Holt: Performance.now,
it does remind me at my first job,
I found Someone was doing UI testing and
had artificially
slowed down the UI and
then left it in there for several years.
And everyone's like, this page is always
really slow, and no one knew why, but
no one wanted to touch it.
So it just stayed for a long time.
>> Speaker 2: Then you get to
introduce the performance enhancement.
>> Brian Holt: Man, I looked like I
was the Greek god of performance.
So I was like,
I have fixed the [LAUGH] web page.
Yep, that's how I got a promotion.
That's not true.
>> Brian Holt: But the developer that
had introduced it had left already, so
we did get to make fun of that
person behind their back.
>> Brian Holt: Okay return null, this is
the exact same one that we did before.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're going to return,
we're gonna put this into
these empty tags here.
Then we're gonna first do
an expensive render, and
then we're gonna do img src=(img),
alt equals whatever you wanna say,
I'm gonna say Luna,
and then style=((filter: filterStyle)),
something like that.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're just
gonna say <p>Last render:</p> so
that you can kinda keep track of this as
well, of how frequently this changes.
Date.now(), okay,
that is it for display image.
Basically, we're simulating that this is
a very expensive image to render that
the image processing is going on here and
then it's not just CSS and
it's gonna go really slowly.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now that we have
this, let's go ahead over to app.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
import useState from react.
Import slider from slider, and
import display image from display image,
and export default function app.
And we're gonna have some several
hooks here const blur, set blur.
>> Brian Holt: useState, and
we'll have this one start at zero.
This one will go from like 0 to 20 pixels,
cuz once you're beyond 20 pixels of blur,
it's blurry, right?
It doesn't help [LAUGH]
to get further blurry.
Const, brightness, brightness, wow,
damn, that's not capitalized,
setbrightness.
This one will have start at 100 cuz
100 brightness is a normal image.
So useState 100 and then we'll allow
people to set it from 0 to 200.
Const contrast,
I think it's the same thing here for
contrast, setcontrast = useState(100).
And then const saturate,
>> Brian Holt: Setsaturate,
>> Brian Holt: This action again,
retrospect is a 2020 here.
But this would have actually been
a perfect use case for use reducer.
I hadn't really thought about that, but
this would actually be really
good to use with use reducer.
So that's a revision that
I leave to you to to do
after this is go refactor
this to use reducer.
Const sepia setSepia, that always
happens with me with use reducers,
I'll write like this entire function and
then I'll realize later this would have
been way simpler with the use reducer.
>> Brian Holt: useState(0).
Okay, we're gonna make a filter string.
So filter style equals blur, and we're
just gonna make this a string like this.
>> Brian Holt: Blur is going to be,
>> Brian Holt: Blur px.
>> Brian Holt: Brightness is going to be,
this is just all valid CSS,
but brightness percent, you can actually
do the rest of these pretty similarly.
So this one, and this one can be contrast,
this one and this one can be saturate, and
this one and this one can be sepia.
If you're not following on VS Code,
it's, it's command D that
I'm hitting that allows me to
select the next version of this.
And then I can type both
of them at the same time.
Most of my expertise in VS Code
comes from someone on the VS Code
team yelling at me when I was not
doing something that they had built.
>> Brian Holt: Learn by shame is actually
a very powerful way of doing things.
That's why I'm proposing a rebrand in
front of masters to shaming masters.
Send me my check in the mail, okay.
<div className="app">.
<h1> will be deferred values, okay.
And then we'll put our
display image up here, and
the filter style will be
equal to filterStyle.
You definitely could have parsed all
of these directy into display image and
just use that in there.
>> Brian Holt: I liked this because
it still encapsulates everything, and
it's actually what display images needs,
right?
So it made sense for me to do that,
display image here would still
be memoizable, because this will change
every time that something changes.
That's kinda the thought process
that I have in the back of my head.
Both are valid, though, okay, and
then we're gonna have a <ul> of sliders.
Could really go for
a slider myself right now.
Value equals blur,
>> Brian Holt: Deferred, we're
just gonna make this like all the same
right now, so it's also going to be blur.
>> Brian Holt: And
on change is going to be
e, setBlur(e.target.value!),
name="Blur", and
max="20".
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so that's blur, and
we just need to do the same thing for
all of these.
Again, if I was doing this by myself,
I would probably just say, hey,
copilot, use all these hooks,
rewrite all these for me.
But let's just go ahead and I don't know,
do you wanna see if it works?
Let's see if it works.
So,
>> Brian Holt: Give me a slider for
each of the react hooks that I have.
>> Brian Holt: See how we do.
>> Brian Holt: It's using Cloud 3.7
Sonnet, which is usually pretty good.
>> Brian Holt: I think I might
have it on the thinking model.
It takes a lot longer, but
the code you end up getting
usually ends up being better.
>> Brian Holt: Man,
it even got the max numbers right,
which actually I find pretty impressive.
So again,
all I had to do is generate a slider for
brightness, contrast, saturate and sepia.
>> Brian Holt: I think I'm most impressed
that I actually got the max numbers right.
I was expecting to have
to fix those at the end.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: Right,
I need to run the server, please do that.
This one does not have a server component,
so you don't need to do that.
>> Brian Holt: So just npm run dev is
fine,
>> Brian Holt: And
let's try running this again.
So we have our tiny terrorist right here.
All these are set to correct things.
And then kinda jank, right?